# CodeSynthViewer -- README

We make available CodeSynthViewer, the software used for conducting experiments as described in "Neurological Divide: An fMRI Study of Prose and Code Writing". This artifact permits both (1) the reproduction and validation of our results and experimental protocol, as well as (2) the adaptation of this software for similar human studies of software engineering activities (with or without medical imaging). Notably, this software is amenable to human studies that involve typing code as the software includes a text editor that supports various programming functionalities (e.g., syntax highlighting) and captures text output as opposed to popular software in psychology (e.g., ePrime). Our software is available in a [public Github respository](https://github.com/rkruegs123/code-synth-viewer). As it is public, it does not require any hidden links or access passwords.

The software provided in the public repository allows for the reproduction of our experimental setup (i.e., presentation of stimuli to participants and recording of participant responses). Instructions for both installation and basic usage are outlined in the README of the public repository itself, but are also outlined in the INSTALL instructions in this submission. At a high-level (after cloning the repository), this process involves starting a local server with specified participant and category IDs, and then interacting with a web application in a local browser. Participant responses are recorded at two levels of granularity -- (1) all keystrokes, and (2) stimulus-by-stimulus.

For reproduction of the conclusions drawn from our study, we make available [all participant keystroke and answer data](https://dijkstra.eecs.umich.edu/fmri/icse20-data), as well as the de-identified medical imaging data (contact [Dr. Westley Weimer](weimerw@umich.edu)).
